Revise README for vLLM customization and updates (#98)
vllm-project/flash-attention: README.md

# FlashAttention for vLLM

This is a fork of https://github.com/Dao-AILab/flash-attention customized for vLLM.

We have the following customizations:

- Build: Cmake, torch library.
- Size: reduced templating and removal of (training) kernels
- Features: Small page size support (FA2), DCP support (FA3)

> - Performance: Some decode specific optimizations for sizes we care about; as well as mixed batch performance optimizations. Upstream is hesitant on specializing for inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Upstream is understandably hesitant on specializing for inference as they also need to support training; we on the other hand compile out the backward pass kernels and do not test that our optimizations do not break them.)
```
